I want to create a financial dashboard for myself and only myself. Assuming this will use plaid as the easiest setup, but I want to add additional features. The goal for the end product is going to be a website I can go to, it will be a locked screen where I will have to enter a password and a pin on a pinpad to enter, and then behind it will be my financial dashboard. I want it to be able to connect to all of my bank accounts, my roth IRA accounts, High Yeild Savings accounts, investing accounts, stock accounts, crypto accounts, my cold wallet if possible, etc. I want a FULL picture of my financial situation. The dashboard will of course list all of those accounts cleanly, but will also have every stat and measurable and comparison you can think of. I will have it all toggleable by a settings panel/page. That will also be where I will connect all of my accounts and enter any necessary back end information. I also want to se it up so that at the very least it will send me emails with financial alerts and periodical scheduled overviews. Ideally, would be really cool, if it could actually send me alerts on my phone. What else do you need from me to get started on this? I will provide any information needed and please ask if not certain about what direction to take something build wise, and I will clarify.. 


Alright, now I want to double check the users trophy case on their profile.. There should be sections with different trophies. The first one is the obvious trophy for getting Gold/Silver/Bronze on the D/W/M Leaderboard. But we also are going to want others. I know for sure we want oness for milestone on calls.. for example one if their call reaches 10x, they should get a trophy. I dont want to do TOO many, but big and high milestones should have one.. We can brainstorm what else they could get a trophy for as well..



User settings
Report system for coins (if its a rug/scam) (ADD LABELS TO COINS MARKED AS SPAM), and also report bug. Send to MOD approvals and get that wired in



Make sure that users are automatically assigned a trophy if they end the period in a qualifying position. 


Determine what should happen if someone already called a coin


Determin if we still use !watch and define its exact usage and output


Single page for calls that his a certain milestone.. Include call/caller and all necessary info



Share buttons for profiles and coin milestone pages


Alright, now I want to create a sort of voucher system. How it should work is either myself or an admin goes in and can generate a token to give to a user for a either a percentage off of one of the packages or a free month.. This code should be able to redeemed at checkout, specified number of uses when the token is created, and for MODs creating token, it needs to be verified by me. For their tokens, when they request to generate one, they should include duration or percentage off (specific package or all packages) and how many uses, or both myself and the mods should be able to specify a username if the token can only be used by one specific user.. When the mods request to generate a token I want it to notify me in the Admin panel as well as a notification from the bell in the top right.. Do you have any questions to nail this down before we start implementing?